Why do 7% of shoppers say they
prefer buy things online
instead of visiting stores
lets unpack how transformed
our shopping habits so we can buy
from anywhere at any time
shopping is now personalized recommending
products just for you
you flash sales, all these choices have turned shopping
into a global experience
view brands compare prices all
from our phones how we budget plan
and even how we gift and online stores
help small businesses reach the world
and big brands experiment with trends faster than ever
In a few decades the digital marketplace has shifted shopping
from a chore to few quick personalized choices